updated chart RN 13.5.1 to prod (#1874)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/development_suite/api-console/api-design/flow-manager-configurator/how-it-works.md

#### Service configuration

The Service Configuration modal allows you to download and copy the configuration of the Flow Manager Service, regardless of whether the service is linked to the configurator.

![Service Configuration](img/service-configuration.png)

#### Service settings

The service settings modal includes:

- Deep merge: allows to configure the deep merge setting of the Flow Manager as described [here](/runtime_suite/flow-manager-service/30_configuration.md#settings).

:::info
This feature is available starting from Flow Manager version `2.6.0`.
:::

- Events: Enabling the Events toggle configures the Flow Manager to respond with an error if an unexpected event is received. If the event is as expected, the Flow Manager will respond with an "OK" status.

:::info
This feature is available starting from Flow Manager version `2.6.5`.
:::

![Service Settings](img/service-settings.png)

#### Unlink Microservice

The unlink microservice modal alerts the user before actually performing the [unlink process](/development_suite/api-console/api-design/flow-manager-configurator/overview.md#unlink).

![Unlink Service](img/unlink-service.png)

#### New Layout

> The New Layout modal allows you to switch to the new layout, which includes the canvas view for external executors. Once you switch to the new layout, this action is irreversible, and the option to switch will no longer be visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The New Layout modal allows you to switch to the new layout, which includes the canvas view for external executors. This action is irreversible once you switch to the new layout, and the option to switch will no longer be visible.
```

## Canvas

The canvas component allows you to visualize the configured flow, with states and external executors represented as nodes, and events and commands represented as edges.

:::info
Events that link the same states are collapsed into a single edge.
:::

### Create Entities

You can create new entities on the canvas in the following ways:

- **New States**:

>     - Click the Add state button located in the top-right corner of the canvas.
>     - Double-click on an empty space within the canvas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Click the Add state button in the canvas's top-right corner.
    - Double-click on a space within the canvas.
```

- [New layout] **New Logic Blocks**: which includes commands/wait events and the external executor
    - Drag and drop from the right handle of the source state to an empty area on the canvas.

- **New Events**:

>     - [New layout] Drag and drop from the right handle of an external executor to the left handle of the target state or to an empty area of the canvas.
>     - [Old layout] Drag and drop from the right handle of the source state to the left handle of the target state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [New layout] Drag and drop from the right handle of an external executor to the left handle of the target state or an empty area of the canvas.
    - [Old layout] Drag and drop from the source state's right handle to the target state's left handle.
```

##### Command

[Command](/runtime_suite/flow-manager-service/30_configuration.md#states-of-the-machine) creation modal can be opened clicking the *Plus* button placed in the [communication](#communication) scenario. A wizard will help the creation process following these steps:

> 1. Set a label, an optional description, and optionally select or write the external executor (from the microservices already instantiated in the console)
> 2. set a communication protocol (either using an existing one or creating a new one on the spot)
> 3. set an optional hook  (either using an existing one or creating a new one on the spot).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set a label, and an optional description, and optionally select or write the external executor (from the microservices already instantiated in the console)
2. set a communication protocol (either using an existing one or creating a new one on the spot)
3. set an optional hook  (either using an existing one or creating a new one on the spot).
```
